Come, come, come
Come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
As expected of my parents
This person will only fall in love with you
deal with him
Let someone see your face and see the truth around you
There is an end
I was lucky
Then try the identity you had just last time
I'm all a criminal
I just disappeared alone
Don't look for it
Can't find it back
You just need to be alive